Knowledge check
    How does scope work in JavaScript?
        global outside of {curly braces}
        local inside of {curly braces}
        scopes
            var     function scope
            let     block scope, varialbe
            const   block scope, constant (set once)
    What are closures and how do they help in creating private variables?
        defined 
            the combination of a function and the surrounding state in which the function was declared
            aka the 'lexical environment'
        how they help
            associate data with functions and manipulate that data anywhere outside of the enclosing function
        how they help in creating private variables 
            the question is the answer 😆 
    What common issues can you face when working with constructors?
        they don’t provide automatic safeguards that prevent from using them wrong
        also 
            misusing instanceof. In other programming languages, the keyword is a reliable way to know the code with which an object was made; but in JavaScript, it checks the presence of a constructor’s prototype in an object’s entire prototype chain - which does nothing to confirm if an object was made with that constructor since the constructor’s prototype can even be reassigned after the creation of an object
    What are private variables in factory functions and how can they be useful?
        a private variable or function uses closures to create smaller, dedicated variables and functions within a factory function itself - things that we do not need to return in the object itself. This way we can create neater code, without polluting the returned object with unnecessary variables that we create while creating the object itself.
    How can we implement prototypal inheritance with factory functions?
        example at create_player_redux.js
    How does the module pattern work?
        examples and notes at module_pattern.js and module_pattern_redux.js
    What does IIFE stand for and what are they?
        immediately invoked function expression 
    What is the concept of namespacing and how do factory functions 
    help with encapsulation?
        This is where we encounter the word encapsulation - bundling data, code, or something into a single unit, with selective access to the things inside that unit itself. While it sounds general, this is what happens when we wrap, or encapsulate our code into modules - we don’t expose everything to the body of our program itself. This encapsulation leads to an effect called namespacing. Namespacing is a technique that is used to avoid naming collisions in our programs.
